negative	tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $150 plus.
negative	Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions.
negative	Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag.
negative	The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key.
negative	Made interneting (part of my business) very difficult to maintain.
negative	Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me, I only had a problem once or twice with it, But probably my computer was a bit defective.
negative	But the mountain lion is just too slow.
negative	This laptop has only 2 USB ports, and they are both on the same side.
negative	Lastly, Windows 8 is annoying.
negative	Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
negative	Only 2 usb ports...seems kind of...limited.
negative	I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
negative	But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment.
negative	However, I can refute that OSX is "FAST".
negative	Cons: Screen resolution.
negative	Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated.
negative	And the fact that Apple is driving the 13" RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered (to me.
negative	I do not like too much Windows 8.
negative	Startup times are incredibly long: over two minutes.
negative	tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
negative	But I do NOT like Win8.
negative	I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games.
negative	The settings are not user-friendly either.
negative	However, there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless.
negative	Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5.
negative	Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that scratches easily.
negative	I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty.
negative	the hardware problems have been so bad, i can't wait till it completely dies in 3 years, TOPS!
negative	HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive.
negative	It feels cheap, the keyboard is not very sensitive.
negative	Though please note that sometimes it crashes, and the sound quality isnt superb.
negative	On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products.
negative	One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables.
negative	The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac.
negative	My wife was so excited to open the box, but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should.
negative	Apple "Help" is a mixed bag.
negative	It suddenly can not work.
negative	Harddrive was in poor condition, had to replace it.
negative	The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner.
negative	My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini.
negative	The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming, otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks.
negative	The memory was gone and it was not able to be used.
negative	I've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts.
negative	I blame the Mac OS.
negative	MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING.
negative	Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product.
negative	Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off.
negative	and the speakers is the worst ever.
negative	It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime.
negative	I just bought the new MacBook Pro, the 13" model, and I can't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports.
negative	After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue.
negative	And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse.
negative	There were small problems with Mac office.
negative	I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27" Imacs.
negative	The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it.
negative	MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer.
negative	I will not be using that slot again.
negative	The technical support was not helpful as well.
negative	The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results.
negative	Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is, I never expected to have an application crash within the first month, but I did.
negative	3D rendering slows it down considerably.
negative	My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive.
negative	The audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity.
negative	Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed.
negative	More likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution.
negative	Since the machine's slim profile is critical to me, that was a problem.
negative	The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
negative	I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours.
negative	Customization on mac is impossible.
negative	The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but won't stay connected.
negative	The battery was completely dead, in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside.
negative	CONS: Price is a bit ridiculous, kinda heavy.
negative	It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program.
negative	My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8.
negative	Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore, Apple doesn't even offer it anymore!
negative	At first, I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system.
negative	If you ask me, for this price it should be included.
negative	The battery is not as shown in the product photos.
negative	Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
negative	Many people complain about the new OS, and it's urgent for Apple to fix it asap!
negative	Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I couldn't.
negative	the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
negative	Every time I log into the system after a few hours, there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through.
negative	The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
negative	The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip.
negative	The only thing I miss is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys.
negative	But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny.
negative	Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor.
negative	My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM.
negative	The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card.
negative	I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty, related to the graphics card.
negative	Cost is more as compared to other brands.
positive	The bread is top notch as well.
positive	I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.
positive	Food is always fresh and hot- ready to eat!
positive	Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING?
positive	I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints.
positive	Straight-forward, no surprises, very decent Japanese food.
positive	BEST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.
positive	Try the rose roll (not on menu).
positive	I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
negative	In fact, this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable.
positive	While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
positive	Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
negative	Our waiter was horrible; so rude and disinterested.
negative	The sangria's - watered down.
negative	menu - uneventful, small.
positive	Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
positive	Great food but the service was dreadful!
negative	the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.
positive	From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
positive	We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
positive	Desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day.
positive	The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent.
positive	THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED.
positive	Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC.
positive	I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
positive	If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
positive	I definitely enjoyed the food as well.
positive	It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
positive	The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.
negative	How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!
negative	Two wasted steaks -- what a crime!
negative	The staff should be a bit more friendly.
positive	I think the meatball parm is good.
positive	If you want good tasting, well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you can't go wrong.
positive	Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible.
positive	Also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.
positive	The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth!
positive	Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
positive	The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend.
negative	Meal was very expensive for what you get.
positive	Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!
positive	Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
positive	The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
positive	Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
positive	this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
positive	The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.
positive	The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used.
negative	This made it obvious that the food wasn't cooked fresh; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated.
positive	Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
positive	The spicy mussels are a highlight.
positive	Also get the Onion Rings -- best we've ever had.
negative	However, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food.
positive	Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
negative	I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
negative	I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.
positive	The food is great and the milkshakes are even better!
positive	the mushroom barley soup is amazing.
positive	I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
positive	Their duck here is also absolutely delicious.
positive	While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
negative	One caveat: Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh.
positive	The food was almost always EXCELLENT.
positive	I was pleasently surprised at the taste.
positive	A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers.
positive	they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere.
negative	This particular location certainly uses substandard meats.
negative	The Management was less than accomodating.
positive	The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed.
positive	the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade.
positive	mojitos and the service are the best part in there
positive	Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.
positive	The design is very intimate and romantic.
positive	The food was wonderful and imaginative.
positive	The staff is very sharp and they look good too.
negative	The worst though was the taste.
negative	The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.
positive	Stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine.
positive	The atmosphere is warm, comfortable, artsy and sexy.
positive	The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
positive	The steak melted in my mouth.
positive	The food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it.
positive	Most importantly, it is reasonably priced.
positive	The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.
negative	Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.
positive	Food was decent, but not great.
negative	i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.
positive	it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.
negative	The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.
positive	the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall.
positive	Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.
positive	I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
positive	Anywhere else, the prices would be 3x as high!
positive	The service we experienced was friendly and good.
positive	Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with.
negative	The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable.
positive	Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC.
positive	The fettucino alfredo was amazing.
positive	The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
negative	I know real Indian food and this wasn't it.
positive	Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
positive	Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.
positive	The waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.
negative	The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine.
positive	I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good.
positive	We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
negative	I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy!
negative	The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.
negative	However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.
negative	The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone.
positive	The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
positive	It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be.
positive	Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
positive	i had a delicious shrimp creole.
positive	The chicken dinner was real good.
negative	Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth.
positive	but the food was delicious.
positive	Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.
positive	The avocado salad is a personal fave.
positive	And, the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy!
positive	The BEST Chinese food Uptown!
positive	Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.
positive	The staff is very friendly.
positive	Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
positive	Great wine list and great cocktail menu.
positive	The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect.
positive	The food is wonderful, artfully done and simply delicious.
positive	Tiny restaurant with very fast service.
positive	My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
positive	A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
positive	They make the best pizza in New Jersey.
positive	What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
negative	Frankly, the chinese food here is something I can make better at home.
positive	Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.
negative	this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had.
positive	The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
positive	I also recommend the garlic knots.
positive	Best Indian food I have ever eaten.
positive	This place has the best pizza.
negative	The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste.
positive	The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
positive	The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.
positive	The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied.
positive	The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
positive	their dinner specials are fantastic.
positive	Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
negative	For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants.
negative	Food portion was SMALL and below average.
positive	Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs.
positive	My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga...
positive	The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
positive	For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.
positive	This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
positive	Also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine.
negative	Finally, I got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.
positive	We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome.
positive	i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.
positive	if you're looking for authentic hong kong-style food, look no further.
positive	good food good wine that's it.
positive	The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant.
positive	While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
positive	everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
positive	It's traditional, simple italian food.
positive	The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
negative	(The sashimi is cut a little thinly.
negative	Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown.
positive	In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
negative	Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
positive	Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
negative	When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.
negative	The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
positive	The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
positive	The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
positive	They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.
negative	But the meals were terrible.
negative	My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.
positive	Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful?
negative	Way too much money for such a terrible meal.
negative	However, the service is absolutely horrible.
negative	A con was the slow bar service.
positive	Dessert was also to die for!
positive	BTW, the service is very good .
negative	The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
positive	it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends.
positive	The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
negative	because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS.
positive	the food is delicious and highly recommended.
negative	When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???
positive	Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters.
positive	So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go.
positive	The service was outstanding.
positive	We always enjoy the pizza.
positive	The service is pretty good.
positive	Yum, the chicken is great here.
positive	The food here was great, a treat from beginning to end.
positive	The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
positive	It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
positive	The food is very good and the service is great.
negative	We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?
positive	This place has the best Indian food in New York, hands down.
positive	The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.
positive	Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
positive	The food was as creative as the decor and both worked.
positive	The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
positive	The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.
positive	This place has the best sushi in the city.
positive	They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).
positive	Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
positive	And the food is fantastic.
positive	Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.
positive	But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here.
positive	The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
positive	We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
positive	All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
positive	We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
positive	The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
positive	I'm in love with the lobster ravioli!
positive	We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
positive	Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
negative	I thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to Chinatown.
positive	Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
positive	) It's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.
positive	The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
positive	First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience.
positive	Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).
negative	Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.
positive	It's just good food, nothing more and that's all we want!
negative	Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype.
positive	THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
negative	The $72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.
negative	Everytime I go there I can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat.
positive	The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
positive	We were very impressed with the food and value.
positive	You must try the garlic soup!
positive	Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
positive	The pizza's are made fresh, crispy, and ready to serve.
positive	Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.
positive	Chef Waldy's always measures up.
positive	Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.
positive	Go for the Seafood Paella for two.
positive	All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good.
positive	The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.
positive	The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.
positive	Service is usually pretty good.
negative	Host and Hostess was quite rude.
positive	the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
positive	I recommend any of their salmon dishes......
positive	The foie gras was sweet and luscious.
positive	but their mac cheese was YUMMY!
positive	their brunch menu had something for everyone.
positive	jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.
positive	They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.
negative	I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD.
negative	THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
negative	The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
positive	the service is prompt friendly.
positive	This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food.
positive	The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...
positive	The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
positive	If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed.
positive	Great beer selection too, something like 50 beers.
negative	Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
positive	I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
positive	They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum!
negative	My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.
positive	The main draw of this place is the price.
negative	How can hope to stay in business with service like this?
positive	But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
positive	Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
positive	the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
positive	The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.
positive	Save room for deserts - they're to die for.
positive	Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs).
positive	The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
positive	Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.
negative	Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
negative	The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
positive	El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.
negative	The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
positive	Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
positive	Chef Vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real talent and a real Roman.
positive	If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
positive	You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
positive	My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.
negative	The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store.
positive	They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices.
positive	I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.
negative	The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
negative	In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste.
positive	The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
positive	From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.
positive	The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
positive	Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.
positive	It was such a fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week.
positive	To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
positive	The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
negative	I've had better Japanese food at a mall food court.
positive	The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
positive	Cool atmosphere but such a let down.
positive	The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.
positive	They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.
positive	Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
positive	the icing MADE this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light.
negative	Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
negative	We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
positive	The wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.
positive	Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine.
positive	Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!
positive	Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
positive	It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.
positive	Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.
negative	Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.
positive	Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa.
positive	Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
positive	Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.
negative	The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
negative	I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.
negative	Unfortunately, unless you live in the neighborhood, it's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure.
negative	Didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.
positive	The food--though mostly deep-fried--is simple and satisfying.
positive	Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT.
positive	The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
positive	At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.
positive	I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like.
negative	Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
negative	If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
positive	new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac!
positive	Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
negative	I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.
negative	Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night.
positive	To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!
positive	and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.
positive	This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.
positive	perfect for a quick meal.
positive	Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events.
positive	The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.
positive	The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
negative	My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
positive	Good for a quick sushi lunch.
positive	Have a mojito and sit in the back patio.
negative	The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
positive	I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes.
negative	The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
positive	I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
positive	You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu.
positive	The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific!
negative	Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
positive	They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
positive	Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
positive	Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
negative	In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.
positive	I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
positive	The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
negative	After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
positive	With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
negative	A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
positive	It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
positive	but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.
positive	the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
positive	Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
positive	Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
positive	for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
negative	the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
positive	Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
positive	The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
positive	rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
negative	Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.
positive	Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
positive	Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
positive	The cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.
negative	I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
negative	The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.
positive	I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner, but nothing amazing.
positive	Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
positive	Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good.
negative	i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.
positive	It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.
positive	Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
positive	It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
positive	The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
positive	And the food, well the food will keep you coming back.
positive	It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.
positive	My gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference.
positive	The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
positive	You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
positive	I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
positive	Not because I was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious.
positive	Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!
positive	We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
positive	the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
negative	This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.
negative	the food - not worth the price.
negative	What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
positive	The prices are not terrible.
negative	15% gratuity automatically added to the bill.
positive	Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
positive	Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing.
positive	All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
positive	It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.
negative	Tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.
positive	Not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene.
positive	Dug the blue bar area too.
positive	Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
negative	At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.
positive	The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz?
positive	Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
positive	And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties.
positive	Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
positive	Go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon. 
positive	The pastas were pretty good.
negative	Atmosphere is a bore.
positive	The decor is what initially got me in the door.
positive	The wait staff was very attentive and polite.
positive	Great restaurant, and even greater food!
positive	The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!
positive	Save room for the desserts! ;-)
positive	I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
positive	Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
positive	The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
positive	Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
positive	Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
positive	Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
positive	Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
positive	The caeser salad was great.
positive	The fried calamari was even better!
positive	The food was good overall. 
positive	The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
positive	The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
positive	I recomend the chicken milanese.
positive	excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
positive	The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor.
positive	Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
positive	I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
positive	Best hot dogs in the tri-state area.
positive	The service was very attentive and very generous.
positive	We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.
positive	Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.
negative	The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.
positive	Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
positive	Between my guest and I, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits.
positive	The Deco and ambiance was really romantic.
positive	Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel.
positive	For someone who used to hate Indian food, Baluchi's has changed my mid.
positive	Finally a curry that I can eat, enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later.
positive	All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
positive	Try the homemade breads.
positive	This place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious CHEAP. 
positive	It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.
positive	Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful. 
positive	This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
positive	Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
positive	The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites!
positive	Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth.
negative	But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet.
positive	Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
positive	good variety but nothing surprising.
negative	Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe's may not be your favorite.
negative	Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
positive	The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.
negative	It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere.
negative	The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin.
negative	We requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.
negative	The service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game.
positive	If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.
negative	Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?
positive	The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
positive	Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
positive	Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.
positive	Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.
positive	My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
positive	His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
positive	The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me.
positive	The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.
positive	don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic.
positive	Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (I hope Mom doesn't read this!).
positive	Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....Hanx
positive	We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
positive	Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
positive	The ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic.
positive	but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
negative	Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size.
positive	I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
positive	good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
positive	Very nice touch that very much fits the place.
positive	However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
negative	The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.
negative	Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?
negative	Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
negative	The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go.
positive	Prices even outside of restaurant week were great.
positive	A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
positive	And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.
positive	The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.
positive	Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
positive	The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
negative	Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
positive	I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.
positive	The atmosphere takes you to that place, the place many dream of.
negative	several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.
negative	While the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the best I have ever had!
negative	The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
positive	If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things.
negative	The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
positive	I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!
negative	I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
positive	Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face.
negative	Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
negative	Anyway, the owner was fake.
positive	Owner is pleasant and entertaining.
negative	I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
negative	Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.
positive	Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
