positive	Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute.
negative	tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $150 plus.
positive	Set up was easy.
negative	Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions.
negative	Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag.
neutral	No installation disk (DVD) is included.
positive	It's fast, light, and simple to use.
positive	Works well, and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS.
positive	Sure it's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100%.
positive	I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs).
negative	The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key.
negative	Made interneting (part of my business) very difficult to maintain.
positive	Luckily, for all of us contemplating the decision, the Mac Mini is priced just right.
positive	Super light, super sexy and everything just works.
negative	Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me, I only had a problem once or twice with it, But probably my computer was a bit defective.
positive	It is super fast and has outstanding graphics.
negative	But the mountain lion is just too slow.
positive	Strong build though which really adds to its durability.
positive	The battery life is excellent- 6-7 hours without charging.
positive	I've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly.
positive	And I may be the only one but I am really liking Windows 8.
positive	The baterry is very longer.
positive	Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable.
positive	I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied.
negative	This laptop has only 2 USB ports, and they are both on the same side.
positive	It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp.
positive	Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great!
positive	It's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small.
positive	This thing is awesome, everything always works, everything is always easy to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for.
positive	Keyboard responds well to presses.
negative	Lastly, Windows 8 is annoying.
positive	Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure.
negative	Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
negative	Only 2 usb ports...seems kind of...limited.
positive	It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard.
positive	Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it.
positive	The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance.
positive	I was extremely happy with the OS itself.
positive	The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months.
positive	The criticism has waned, and now I'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing.
negative	I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
positive	MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful, well worth it.
negative	But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment.
positive	They don't just look good; they deliver excellent performance.
positive	I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind..I love the lit up keys and screen display...this thing is Fast and clear as can be.
positive	The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows.
negative	However, I can refute that OSX is "FAST".
positive	Enjoy using Microsoft Office!
positive	Incredible graphics and brilliant colors.
positive	Built-in apps are purely amazing.
negative	Cons: Screen resolution.
positive	From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily.
positive	I really like the size and I'm a fan of the ACERS.
positive	I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support "accidents" like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare.
positive	It's light and easy to transport.
negative	Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated.
neutral	It's been time for a new laptop, and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops, and whether to spring for the retina display.
positive	The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing.
positive	The aluminum body sure makes it stand out.
positive	It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices, and USB devices are recognized almost instantly.
negative	And the fact that Apple is driving the 13" RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered (to me.
neutral	Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back.
positive	The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money.
positive	Well designed and fast.
positive	But I was completely wrong, this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use.
positive	Exactly as posted plus a great value.
positive	The specs are pretty good too.
positive	Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service.
positive	It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included!
negative	I do not like too much Windows 8.
negative	Startup times are incredibly long: over two minutes.
positive	Also stunning colors and speedy
positive	great price free shipping what else can i ask for!!
positive	This mouse is terrific.
neutral	It is really thick around the battery.
positive	And windows 7 works like a charm.
positive	:) Great product, great price, great delivery, and great service.
positive	:] It arrived so fast and customer service was great.
negative	tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
conflict	The price is higher than most lab top out there; however, he/she will get what they paid for, which is a great computer.
positive	Set up was a breeze.
negative	But I do NOT like Win8.
neutral	I am still in the process of learning about its features.
negative	I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games.
positive	I wanted it for it's mobility and man, this little bad boy is very nice.
conflict	The investment of a new MacBook Pro came at a price, but totally worth it for a good piece of mind.
positive	I found the mini to be:Exceptionally easy to set up
positive	Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini.
positive	The sound is nice and loud; I don't have any problems with hearing anything.
positive	It is very slim, the track pad is very much impressed with me.
negative	The settings are not user-friendly either.
positive	Thank goodness for OpenOffice!
positive	Awesome form factor, great battery life, wonderful UX.
positive	i love the keyboard and the screen.
negative	However, there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless.
positive	I've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer.
negative	Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5.
positive	thanks for great service and shipping!
positive	The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera.
neutral	I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend.
positive	Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go.
negative	Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that scratches easily.
positive	Quick and has built in virus control.
neutral	Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without.
negative	I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty.
negative	the hardware problems have been so bad, i can't wait till it completely dies in 3 years, TOPS!
positive	It's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion!
negative	HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive.
positive	it's exactly what i wanted, and it has all the new features and whatnot.
positive	Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook?
negative	It feels cheap, the keyboard is not very sensitive.
negative	Though please note that sometimes it crashes, and the sound quality isnt superb.
positive	It is very easy to navigate even for a novice.
positive	Does everything I need it to, has a wonderful battery life and I couldn't be happier.
positive	Great Performance and Quality.
neutral	I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively.
neutral	I did add a SSD drive and memory
negative	On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products.
neutral	I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS.
negative	One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables.
neutral	I bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design.
neutral	I never tried any external mics with that iMac.
positive	The new os is great on my macbook pro!
conflict	I had a little problem adjusting to the small screen but works fine as long as I remember to carry my glasses.
positive	I have experienced no problems, works as anticipated.
positive	System is running great.
positive	Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks.
neutral	The MAC Mini, wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done.
positive	it has all the features that we expected and the price was good, working well so far.
neutral	I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with, not gaming.
positive	The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad.
positive	Easy to set up and go!
positive	I can't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up.
negative	The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac.
neutral	I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point.
positive	It's just what we were looking for and it works great.
positive	It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable!
positive	It works fine, and all the software seems to run pretty well.
neutral	I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming.
negative	My wife was so excited to open the box, but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should.
neutral	I wanted a computer that was quite, fast, and that had overall great performance.
negative	Apple "Help" is a mixed bag.
negative	It suddenly can not work.
negative	Harddrive was in poor condition, had to replace it.
negative	The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner.
negative	My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini.
negative	The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming, otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks.
conflict	I'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple.
positive	I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable.
positive	Screen is bright and gorgeous.
neutral	The only solution is to turn the brightness down, etc.
neutral	If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications.
positive	It is robust, with a friendly use as all Apple products.
positive	It is fast and easy to use.
positive	And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
positive	I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
positive	Nice screen, keyboard works great!
positive	I was amazed at how fast the delivery was.
neutral	I've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM.
negative	The memory was gone and it was not able to be used.
positive	It works great and I am so happy I bought it.
positive	I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports.
positive	it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great.
positive	Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser.
positive	I like the lighted screen at night.
positive	It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up.
negative	I've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts.
positive	USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones.
positive	And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems.
positive	It's fast, light, and is perfect for media editing, which is mostly why I bought it in the first place.
positive	The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very elegant.
positive	Thanks for the fast shipment and great price.
positive	!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
positive	The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions.
negative	I blame the Mac OS.
neutral	In fact I still use manyLegacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)!
positive	I like the operating system.
positive	I love the form factor.
positive	It's fast at loading the internet.
positive	So much faster and sleeker looking.
neutral	Unfortunately, it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April.
positive	First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, and the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on.
positive	It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit.
positive	Very nice unibody construction.
positive	This Macbook Pro is fast, powerful, and runs super quiet and cool.
neutral	It's ok but doesn't have a disk drive which I didn't know until after I bought it.
neutral	There is no HDMI receptacle, nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device.
positive	It came in brand new and works perfectly.
neutral	It shouldn't happen like that, I don't have any design app open or anything.
negative	MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING.
positive	It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.
negative	Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product.
negative	Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off.
positive	The configuration is perfect for my needs.
negative	and the speakers is the worst ever.
positive	Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad!..
positive	Web surfuring is smooth and seamless.
positive	I'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product.
positive	This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is easy to carry and handle.
negative	It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime.
positive	Runs good and does the job, can't complain about that!
positive	It's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk.
positive	The exterior is absolutely gorgeous.
positive	It has a very high performance, just for what I needed for.
neutral	Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset.
neutral	OSX Mountain Lion  soon to upgrade to Mavericks.
negative	I just bought the new MacBook Pro, the 13" model, and I can't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports.
neutral	It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid.
positive	It is the perfect size and speed for me.
positive	THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC!!
positive	My last laptop was a 17" ASUS gaming machine, which performed admirably, but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life, I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome, not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago.
positive	However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly.
negative	After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue.
negative	And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse.
neutral	I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem.
positive	I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $400  old HP laptop.
positive	Shipped very quickly and safely.
positive	The thunderbolt port is awesome!
positive	The performance is definitely superior to any computer I've ever put my hands on.
positive	It's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses.
positive	I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved.
negative	There were small problems with Mac office.
neutral	I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables(which is my purpose of writing this con) as variables could be a bigger future problem.
negative	I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27" Imacs.
positive	It still works and it's extremely user friendly, so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
positive	Its fast, easy to use and it looks great.
neutral	(but Office can be purchased) IF I ever need a laptop again I am for sure purchasing another Toshiba!!
neutral	I haven't tried the one with retina display... Maybe in the future.
positive	Performance is much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it.
neutral	Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection.
negative	The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it.
positive	The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc
negative	MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer.
neutral	I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem.
positive	It's absolutely wonderful and worth the price!
positive	I am please with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality.
positive	Perfect for all my graphic design classes I'm taking this year in college :-)
negative	I will not be using that slot again.
positive	The OS is fast and fluid, everything is organized and it's just beautiful.
positive	They are simpler to use.
positive	!so nice .. stable .. fast .. now i got my SSD !
neutral	Also, in using the built-in camera, my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the "Star Wars" saga.
positive	I love the quick start up.
positive	You just cannot beat the functionality of an Apple device.
positive	Yet my mac continues to function properly.
positive	Graphics are much improved.
positive	Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction.
positive	It provides much more flexibility for connectivity.
positive	I want the portability of a tablet, without the limitations of a tablet and that's where this laptop comes into play.
positive	Mac tutorials do help.
negative	The technical support was not helpful as well.
neutral	I got the new adapter and there was no change.
neutral	so i called technical support.
neutral	Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded.
positive	Logic board utterly fried, cried, and laid down and died.
negative	The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results.
positive	OSX Lion is a great performer..extremely fast and reliable.
negative	Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is, I never expected to have an application crash within the first month, but I did.
positive	The Macbook pro's physical form is wonderful.
positive	The Mini's body hasn't changed since late 2010- and for a good reason.
positive	The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple's previous laptops.
negative	3D rendering slows it down considerably.
neutral	Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife.
positive	fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
neutral	12.44 seconds to boot.
neutral	All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer.
neutral	The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package.
neutral	Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint.
positive	Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously.
neutral	This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac.
positive	The 2.9ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself.
positive	It is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me.
conflict	So noise is reduced at least 50% and the heat is much better, now it doesn't feel hot but warm.
neutral	Not sure on Windows 8.
negative	My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive.
neutral	This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights.
neutral	I was having a though time deciding between the 13" MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13" (Both baseline models, priced at 1,200 $ retail)
positive	Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports.
negative	The audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity.
positive	It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class.
neutral	I was given a demonstration of Windows 8.
positive	The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities.
neutral	I thought that it will be fine, if i do some settings.
positive	Runs very smoothly.
negative	Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed.
negative	More likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution.
positive	It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming.
positive	I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu.
positive	Runs real quick.
positive	Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket!
negative	Since the machine's slim profile is critical to me, that was a problem.
positive	WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required.
negative	The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
positive	Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws.
positive	Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops.
positive	First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
neutral	After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive.
positive	The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard, which I miss on my Apple laptops.
positive	I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned...
neutral	This one still has the CD slot.
neutral	No HDMI port.
negative	I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours.
negative	Customization on mac is impossible.
neutral	I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon.
positive	Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive.
positive	The SuperDrive is quiet.
negative	The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but won't stay connected.
negative	The battery was completely dead, in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside.
positive	if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you.
positive	The OS is great.
neutral	I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time.
negative	CONS: Price is a bit ridiculous, kinda heavy.
neutral	The troubleshooting said it was the AC adaptor so we ordered a new one.
neutral	Fan only comes on when you are playing a game.
neutral	Which it did not have, only 3 USB 2 ports.
neutral	No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault.
neutral	There is no "tools" menu.
negative	It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program.
neutral	Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch.
negative	My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8.
positive	Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi.
conflict	The speakers could have been better but it wasn't a deal breaker... this is a great little laptop... love it!
positive	Nice packing.
positive	I switched to this because I wanted something different, even though I miss windows.
negative	Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore, Apple doesn't even offer it anymore!
positive	I also wanted Windows 7, which this one has.
negative	At first, I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system.
neutral	I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around.
positive	It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS.
positive	its as advertised on here..... it works great and is not a waste of money!
positive	Runs like a champ.....
positive	Premium price for the OS more than anything else.
positive	I was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews, but I've found it fine to work with.
conflict	I bought this Mac book pro along with a new 27" iMac and while they are still light years more reliable than a PC I have noticed a decline in the reliability of my Mac computers.
conflict	The sound as mentioned earlier isn't the best, but it can be solved with headphones.
conflict	The track pad is a bit squirrely at times- sometimes too sensitive, and sometimes a bit unresponsive, but it's usable.
positive	However, the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen.
negative	If you ask me, for this price it should be included.
negative	The battery is not as shown in the product photos.
conflict	Even though I could have gotten a pc twice the speed for the same price I still think there's nothing like a Mac.
positive	Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more...
positive	the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping.
positive	The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there.
neutral	Instead, I'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy.
neutral	Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack.
negative	Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
neutral	Chatting with Acer support, I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files.
neutral	It's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I'm struggle with finding the correct keys (but that was expected).
negative	Many people complain about the new OS, and it's urgent for Apple to fix it asap!
positive	Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office.
positive	User upgradeable RAM and HDD.
positive	But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player.
conflict	The RAM memory is good but should have splurged for 8Mb instead of 4Mb.
neutral	I was a little worry at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows.
neutral	With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better.
neutral	I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion".
positive	I was considering buying the Air, but in reality, this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient, even though it's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier.
neutral	At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24" LCD screen, so built in screen size is not terribly important.
negative	Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I couldn't.
neutral	I bought it to be able to dedicate a small, portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that I needed to buy a word processing program to do so.
neutral	This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ("Ivy Bridge"), not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has.
neutral	No Cd Rom in the new version there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version.
negative	the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
neutral	and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it.
positive	I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time.
negative	Every time I log into the system after a few hours, there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through.
neutral	Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen, this set up is silky smooth!
negative	The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
neutral	I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
neutral	When considering a Mac, look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag.
positive	Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
negative	The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip.
neutral	It's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time.
conflict	I was really happy because it is a much better price on amazon.com than it was in the Mac store.
positive	The nicest  part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation.
positive	I will upgrade the ram myself (because with this model you can you can do it) later on.
positive	The price is 200 dollars down.
neutral	this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly.
neutral	A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC.
positive	Wasn't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different.
positive	air has higher resolution but the fonts are small.
positive	working with Mac is so much easier, so many cool features.
positive	I like the brightness and adjustments.
neutral	I only wish this mac had a CD/DVD player built in.
negative	The only thing I miss is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys.
neutral	The only thing I miss are the "Home/End" type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long.
neutral	So happy with this purchase, I just wish it came with Microsoft Word.
positive	It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop.
positive	The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned.
positive	The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a  breeze.
positive	The screen, the software and the smoothness of the operating system.
neutral	i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it.
neutral	I also made a recovery USB stick.
negative	But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny.
positive	The built quality is really good, I was so Happy and excited about this Product.
positive	I am loving the fast performance also.
negative	Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor.
neutral	If you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up.
negative	My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM.
neutral	Fine if you have a touch screen.
neutral	As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games (WoW) to Photoshop, but nothing professionally.
neutral	I re-seated the "WLAN" card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers.
positive	This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well, battery life AMAZING.
positive	The OS is easy, and offers all kinds of surprises.
neutral	I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem.
positive	A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
positive	I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
negative	The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card.
neutral	After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive, my mac is just flying.
neutral	I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue.
neutral	With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the best specs.
positive	packing and everything was perfect
neutral	I called Toshiba where I gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards.
negative	I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty, related to the graphics card.
neutral	It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs better.
positive	This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling.
negative	Cost is more as compared to other brands.
positive	also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
positive	This hardware seems to be better than the iMac in that it isn't $1400 and smaller.
neutral	I've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates.
neutral	the latest version does not have a disc drive.
positive	Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous.
